[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Perhaps the
most frustrating issue for many
of us in this exciting time
of bringing the unseen world
into our known reality is
that we can't show proof,
but not any longer.
Dr. Gary Schwartz has done more
than almost any other individual
in the field of
medicine and psychology
to prove that we and
the world around us
is a plenum of consciousness.
Today, he's the chief researcher
for Focused Life-Force Energy,
a technology that lifts the
consciousness of any field it's
applied to, kind of
like a little miracle.
Welcome.
It's good to see you again
after all these years.
>> GARY SCHWARTZ:
Wonderful to see you again.
>> REGINA: How long since we
sat across from each other?
Probably several years
now, I think, has it been?
>> SCHWARTZ: At least.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, I love the turn
that your career has taken.
I mean, I've known you for
probably close to 20 years,
from New Mexico and the science
and spirituality conferences,
and watched some of the
projects you've been through.
So let's start with one of
the sexy, juicy ones everybody
loves.
You were working with
the study of telepathy,
doing research in the
area of telepathy.
Let's talk about
how that happened
and how you became
interested in these unseen
fields of consciousness
and trying to prove they
exist to begin with.
>> SCHWARTZ: I think my work in
the mediumship area and survival
of consciousness actually
began when I was at Yale.
But it was secret, because
it was stimulated by theory.
And it was stimulated
by an analysis
of how information in
a system circulated
and how feedback created
self-awareness, awareness
of self.
And that that awareness,
that feedback,
continued in the
expanding space.
Just as we look up at the sky
at night and we see a history
of starlight, we see starlight
that's been traveling
for millions and
billions of years,
and long after those
stars have, quote, "died,"
that energy and
information is still there.
We're seeing a history
of all that starlight
through these tiny little
things we call eyes.
And it became clear to
me that the possibility
that our energy and
our consciousness
could continue like the
light from distant stars
became almost, if you
would, a required prediction
from then-accepted physics.
And that's what opened me
to the idea of survival
of consciousness.
And then I began
to meet mediums.
And they, in ever more carefully
controlled experiments,
convinced me that what
they were doing was real
and that they were actually able
to receive information, accurate
information, not by reading
the mind of the sitter,
but by actually connecting with
their loved ones who were just
as alive--
>> REGINA: Accessing the field.
Yeah.
>> SCHWARTZ: --and
accessing their field.
>> REGINA: So then, after that,
something you were working
on at the University
of Arizona, Tucson,
that's along this line
called the soul phone.
Let's talk about
those experiments.
You can just dial up grandma?
>> SCHWARTZ: Essentially, yes.
You see, we are always
emitting fields,
and those include
electromagnetic fields.
And those electromagnetic
fields can
be detected with a suitably
sensitive equipment.
And when equipment is designed
very carefully to detect these
fields, with appropriate
filtering and all the kinds
of controls you need to
rule out, quote, "noise,"
you can actually document--
and we've done many
experiments in this area--
that you can not only
detect the presence--
we now call them PMPs,
Post-Material People
or Participants.
>> REGINA: PMPs.
Love it.
>> SCHWARTZ: PMPs are
collaborators on the other side.
We also call them the A team.
And these individuals can not
only demonstrate their presence,
but they can engage
in communication
that technology can detect
in a rudimentary binary form.
>> REGINA: So what's
happened with the soul phone?
>> SCHWARTZ: It is in the stage
of beyond what you call proof
of concept or proof of principle
to seeing whether we can develop
it and become
proof of practical.
We call it, like, a
Wright brothers moment.
In the history of
airplanes, as you know,
the people had tried
for years and failed.
And then there was
that one fateful day
in Kitty Hawk, where I think it
was like five or six people--
I don't remember the
exact number-- witnessed
that first plane, that flight.
The flight lasted seconds.
They didn't have any windows.
You couldn't do anything
practically with them.
But the concept was demonstrated
that, in principle, flight
was possible.
And the question was, could
you take that possibility
and then, through
suitable engineering,
create something
that's practical?
>> REGINA: So that's
where you are now?
>> SCHWARTZ: We are
now on that path--
>> REGINA: Of
suitable engineering?
>> SCHWARTZ: Yes, to see
whether we can go from the proof
of possible to the
proof of practical.
>> REGINA: Well, I mean, would
this be something an everyday
person, consumer could do, or
would it always still be at very
large--
produce more in larger
arenas and medical research
or in universities and such?
It's not just going
to be an iPhone.
>> SCHWARTZ: In the short
term, it will be like that.
But at some point, in
principle, the technology
could be something where
anyone could use it.
>> REGINA: So exciting.
>> SCHWARTZ: It would
have to be done carefully,
because like anything
that is powerful,
its potential for abuse needs to
be considered as also its use.
>> REGINA: Discretion
is advised,
because you don't know what
you're talking to on the other
side sometimes.
>> SCHWARTZ: And the purposes
that people are talking to them
on this side.
>> REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
So now, going from
that and the notion
that these energies persist
and we can feel them,
and oftentimes, people can
feel these kind of energies
even more strongly where they're
in some of the sacred sites
around the earth, for example.
And let's talk about why that
is, kind of like ley lines
and some famous
places where it's
a little easier to talk
through to the other side.
>> SCHWARTZ: Well, the
notion that, again,
anything that has material--
what we call material form,
and is electromagnetic,
and it has feedback loops,
and all things have feedback
loops, in those systems,
information and
energy can be stored.
That's how memory occurs.
In artificial intelligence,
all of these very sophisticated
programs, what they all
share in common is feedback.
No feedback, no learning.
Well, when you have
feedback, it means
that the energy can not only
be stored, but it can build up.
And that's why, if people
consistently come with,
for example, loving
intentions, and it's prayerful,
and it's sacred,
space can then begin
to contain that
and preserve that.
And it continues to be
supported as more people come.
>> REGINA: And so now,
we're coming to a time where
we're going to start
leading into the FLFE,
Focused Life-Force Energy,
that you're now involved with.
Now, you've had--
and we haven't even
begun to hopscotch
through your career.
We just took a couple
of little pixels of it.
And from your background
at all these really
leading institutions and
such, how did you first
become aware of and involved
with Clayten Stedmann and Jeff
Stegman?
How did you become aware of
this technology, which is,
what, about 10 years old now?
About 10 years old.
>> SCHWARTZ: Like many
things, a complete surprise.
Turned out that a colleague
at the University of Arizona,
who is a senior member of the
Office of Technology Transfer,
had learned about this company,
had even tried the free service,
and experienced positive
benefits for him and his family.
And he became convinced
that that technology
was bridging science and
health and spirituality.
And he thought that I
might be able to help
them do some of the pioneering
research that they needed to do.
And he also felt that it might
be helpful to me in terms
of my path for wanting to be
associated with people who had
very high ideals for
creating, quote, "business."
As Clayten says, he sees
business as a spiritual path.
It is a way and so
the whole notion
that you could literally create
a company who was science-based,
meaning evidence-based,
and that it
could be of service to the
greatest good for the greatest
amount of humanity, the idea
that someone could actually
do that, I was very curious.
And so he, Lewis
Humphreys, arranged
for us to start meeting.
And we did.
And although I found
what they were doing
and what they were claiming
to be quite unusual,
to put it mildly--
and I very much, by the
way, agree with the phrase
that Carl Sagan, a
well-known skeptic,
made popular, which is that
extraordinary claims require
extraordinary evidence.
I became convinced, in
spending many hours with them
in Zoom meetings, that they
recognized that and that they
were truth-seekers.
They wanted to learn.
And one of the
reasons why I think
their company is so effective
is because they're constantly
learning from the customers who
are sharing their experiences.
And then what they're
doing is developing
based on that feedback.
>> REGINA: That feedback.
And that's one thing.
I've done a number
of shows here,
and I've been exposed to a
lot of different technologies,
and especially
energy technologies.
Everybody just loves
the idea of them
and will buy them and play
with them and everything.
But the frustration has
been that a lot of them
have not gone through
scientific proofs.
And I know that
Clayten and Jeff,
this was a frustration
of theirs, is it works,
but how do we prove
that it works?
So they must have been
thrilled to hear from you.
>> SCHWARTZ: It's-- let's
just say it was like--
>> REGINA: It came together.
>> SCHWARTZ: It came together.
It was--
>> REGINA: Yeah.
The perfect wedding.
>> SCHWARTZ: It was
a perfect wedding.
>> REGINA: So when you
started, first of all,
you had to leave your job at the
University of Arizona, Tucson.
How was it transitioning
out of academia?
Were there limitations there or?
>> SCHWARTZ: I was planning and
preparing to eventually retire
from the University, but not
to retire from trying to be
of service through
research and education.
And FLFE became the perfect
vehicle to graduate to.
So as I now explain it, I'm
now graduating from the faculty
and going into a role where I
can bridge the business world
and service world, but with
the same level of integrity
and intention to wanting
to make discoveries,
to want to expand knowledge
for the betterment of us
and the planet.
>> REGINA: So let's
get into FLFE,
which I often call "fluffy," or
it's Focused Life-Force Energy.
And let's get into what it
is, because that's still
a hard one for people to get
their minds around what it is,
what its purpose is,
what it does, basically.
>> SCHWARTZ: Well, Focused
Life-Force Energy, first of all,
there are four words--
focused, life,
force, and energy.
And those four
words were carefully
chosen because they're all
involved with the process.
But they are expressions of--
and according to theory,
which was derived in part
from the work of a very
integrative psychiatrist whose
name is Dr. David Hawkins,
and the theory of what's
called levels of consciousness.
And in order to
understand FLFE, we
have to have an expanded
vision of what science is,
of what consciousness is.
And we have to then
understand the relationship
between consciousness
and physics.
Now, they do use technology.
The technology is proprietary.
And I, by the way,
have intentionally
remained blind to the
details of the technology.
>> REGINA: You're not watching
how the sausage is made.
You're just seeing
how beautiful it is.
>> SCHWARTZ: I want to
know, if there is sausage,
if the sausage is edible.
Does it make people
happy when they eat it?
In fact, I approached
FLFE as I do
anything, which is an
open-minded curiosity,
but skepticism.
So I start with--
the way I explain
it to people is,
doesn't matter whether the
question is, is there a gravity
or is there god?
My response is, I don't know.
Could be yes, could be no.
Show me the data.
I'm open.
So whenever I would
hear the theories
about how they think it
works, I would step back
and say, OK, I hear the
theory, but let's first
now see whether or not
this set of procedures
produces effects that
you believe happen.
Can we document it in the
real world with real people
and with real living systems?
And when we do
that, my jaw drops.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Actually, when I first
found out about it,
it was not long after
they started up.
We were talking.
I was talking with them
and they said, yeah,
we have this service.
And I said, well, I
mean, how do I know?
I mean, could you put
it on someone else
that is really not well?
She's kind of close to death.
And I said, could you put it on
her if I can work meditatively
to get her soul's permission.
And they said, yes,
if you can do that.
And so we had it
on her apartment.
She's very sensitive,
sleeping across
from a whole bank of smart
meters, next to a cemetery.
Energy was not good, and she
couldn't really speak anymore.
She couldn't really
get out of bed much.
She was just dying.
So I told a mutual friend,
please keep an eye on her
and see if she talks
the next few days.
I'm not going to
be part of this.
And within a month,
I mean, she started
talking after a
few days, walking.
At the end of a month, she
was moving furniture around.
And then I revealed to
her what had happened.
And she's-- there were no
words for her gratitude.
That's why I decided to, let's
talk about this some more.
>> SCHWARTZ: Yes.
You hear accounts by that.
And then if you
experience it yourself,
as you know, because
you've had your own, now,
personal experiences,
it's very hard to deny.
One of the things that I've
been very impressed with--
with regard to the
FLFE team is they're
very concerned with education.
They're very concerned
with not sensationalizing.
They're very
concerned with trying
to stay close to
what they're doing
and to give people the
opportunity to experience
and make up their own minds.
>> REGINA: So essentially, this
technology uses an ID factor,
like an address or
telephone number,
and pick it up from there.
And this signal,
so to speak, this--
what did we want to call it?
The sausage.
>> SCHWARTZ: You can call
it part of the field.
>> REGINA: The field.
OK.
>> SCHWARTZ: It's
very interesting.
And I'd like to take
this opportunity
to explain something,
because it took me
a while to understand this.
They talk about fields
of consciousness,
and that this field
of consciousness
extends everywhere.
And in the beginning,
when you think of a field
where you think of, well,
of an electromagnetic field,
you think of some sort of
thing that's in the field.
But what we don't realize
is that the word-- when
they talk about an
electromagnetic field, what
they're really
saying, in physics,
is that there are effects which
are associated with what we call
electromagnetics, and they are
occurring distributed in space.
And these properties
of the field,
of what you see in the
field, is what they're
referring to as a field.
So you have a field of corn.
The corn, when you're
describing a field of corn,
you're describing patterns of
height and patterns of weight.
You're describing properties
distributed in space.
All they're saying
is that consciousness
is distributed in
space, which is
what contemporary
consciousness scientists
from all different
walks are coming to.
In fact, we founded an
organization called the Academy
for Post-Materialist Sciences,
which brings together these
scientists who are
concerned with post-material
consciousness--
>> REGINA: I love it.
>> SCHWARTZ: --which actually
goes back to very ancient ideas,
but can now be seen with a new
lens of both theory and methods.
>> REGINA: And can be measured.
>> SCHWARTZ: What?
>> REGINA: It can be measured.
>> SCHWARTZ: And can be
quantified and documented.
So it's dealing with
those kinds of concepts
that people then can
have localized field
effects connected by--
you called it the
plenum of consciousness.
By the way, I haven't heard
that word in a long time.
>> REGINA: I love the word.
>> SCHWARTZ: I happen
to love the word too.
And when I was a young
assistant professor at Harvard,
one of the first opportunities
that I did was I had
the opportunity to be an
editor of a book series called
"Consciousness and
Self-Regulation--
Advances in Theory
and Research."
And you know who published it?
Plenum.
>> REGINA: No wonder
you like the word.
>> SCHWARTZ: So we have a
little synchronicity here.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
So, OK, so a person would say--
if they did a subscription
to this service,
they're giving an
ID, an address,
or they're giving
a phone number,
and then that field of
consciousness that they're
bathed within, that
they live within,
starts having an infusion of
higher consciousness energy?
>> SCHWARTZ: Yes.
The theory is that it
raises the consciousness
of the environment.
>> REGINA: Like, on
the Hawkins scale.
>> SCHWARTZ: Yes, that's in the
environment of the location that
they've put this field on.
And then we can measure effects
that change inside the field,
inside this space.
>> REGINA: Right.
And I think, for
a lot of people,
they say, well, what
about the placebo effect?
>> SCHWARTZ: Of course.
>> REGINA: And that's a
legitimate thing to ask.
>> SCHWARTZ: Absolutely.
And so one of the things
you do is, in certain kinds
of preparations,
it's really easy
to control the placebo effect.
So for example, we do
research with plants.
And we look at the
effects of plants,
either their growth
rate of the--
let's say the length of the
leaves that are growing,
or the root structure that
are growing in seedlings.
And there, you can have
multiple locations.
And some of them will receive
FLFE and some of them won't.
But the experimenter is blind
as to which is receiving FLFE
and which is not.
>> REGINA: And you did that.
>> SCHWARTZ: And
we have done that.
>> REGINA: With larger crops.
>> SCHWARTZ: We did it both as
an experiment within a single
room, and then also
literally in a field.
>> REGINA: And what ultimately
happened with the crop?
Because it seems to me this
has significant implications
for the future of agriculture.
>> SCHWARTZ: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: Instead of having
to put all these fertilizers
and stuff.
I don't know if that replaces
it, but I'm just saying,
it seems like there's
a place for it.
>> SCHWARTZ: Yes.
I always approach
any research that I
do in any area, where,
as I said, I don't know.
It might, quote, "work."
It might not, quote,
"work," that is,
we get the predicted
effects or not.
But we're going to
learn something.
It's a process of learning.
With FLFE, I am almost always
surprised, and surprised
by the positive findings.
So when they proposed doing this
experiment out in a farm field,
it's like when I did
work with Lynne McTaggart
with the intention experiment--
she just interviewed me today,
incidentally, about this.
She would want to do
experiments, for example,
on peace, or she would want to
do an experiment on aggression,
or she would want to do other
experiments, for example,
on large bodies of water.
And my response would
always be, well,
let's do something simpler
first, something that we control
and we can document is
not A or B. It's not--
we can't explain it as
a placebo effect per se.
It's more than just placebo.
But then when you not only see
it in such a confined laboratory
space, but you see
it in the real world,
then you start saying, yes,
this has very big implications.
>> REGINA: What did you find?
What were the findings of
the one on the larger crop?
>> SCHWARTZ: Well, I don't
remember the exact percentage
of the bushel of enhancement--
>> REGINA: But just
overview of it.
How'd it go?
>> SCHWARTZ: But the basic
finding was that there was
a statistically significant
increase in the yield
in the parts of the field that
had FLFE compared to the control
parts of the field.
>> REGINA: That's significant.
I mean, are you or
is anybody else there
playing with more of this
at home on their own gardens
or plants or anything or?
>> SCHWARTZ: I
know customers do.
I know that Jeffrey does.
He just recently bought
a farm and he's--
>> REGINA: He's
playing with it there.
>> SCHWARTZ: Of course.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah,
of course he would.
>> SCHWARTZ: It's
hard not to play--
>> REGINA: Why wouldn't you?
>> SCHWARTZ: Why wouldn't you?
>> REGINA: Yeah, no,
it's fascinating.
So you did do that.
And that study is
available for anybody
who wants to check into it.
But a lot of the studies
that you've done,
as you mentioned a
little while ago,
are kind of customer
feedback studies.
So let's talk about that.
How--
>> SCHWARTZ: Sure.
In fact, when I
was first invited
to help FLFE doing design
research that could test things,
I said, the first thing
I think you should do
is address, what are
people looking for
and what do they report?
You could call it, quote,
the "low-hanging fruit."
But just because a
fruit is low-hanging
doesn't mean the fruit isn't
delicious or important.
And in point of fact,
what people often say,
well, yes, but it's
not a physics matter.
It's not a physiology measure.
But if you're a
person, for example,
and you're having
difficulty sleeping,
or you're having trouble
in family relationships,
what are you looking for,
a measure of your blood
pressure, or are you
looking for help in the area
that you are experiencing?
So it starts with
experience, because if you
can't show an
experience effect, why
does somebody want to
spend money and have
this in their household if they
can't have a direct experience,
like you've had?
And so it turned
out that they had
a vast amount of spontaneous
data, spontaneous testimonials,
shared on things
like social media.
And the question was,
were there any patterns
to that uncontrolled
data, and was it
possible to create
an instrument to see
whether you could
validate whether or not
people were actually
having these experiences
and how large were
those effects?
So we created a structured-- we
call it the Customer Experience
Survey--
where we looked at the
most commonly spontaneously
reported customer
reports of what
they experienced benefitting.
>> REGINA: What were
the most common?
>> SCHWARTZ: Well, ones
that I found truly--
I still marvel at this--
is, for example, to the
item, do you find it easier
to shift from negative to
positive thoughts in your life?
Do you find that
you find yourself
being more forgiving of others?
Do you find it
easier to meditate
and to go with the flow?
Qualities that are actually of
a higher level of consciousness
than simply, I'm
experiencing less insomnia,
or I'm feeling less anxiety,
both of which are important.
But the theory is that there's
an elevation in consciousness.
And what's interesting is
that people spontaneously
report changes that are
consistent with the idea
that some people's
consciousness is
being elevated in the presence
of an elevating consciousness
field.
>> REGINA: And I've also
read that the same applies,
a lot of times, to get
beyond the placebo principle,
is animals that are in
that given household.
Some of that I find
kind of interesting.
>> SCHWARTZ: Oh, I find
that totally fascinating.
>> REGINA: Well,
tell us, I love--
everybody loves kitty and
doggie stories-- horses,
for that matter-- so what are
some of the effects that people
have had?
>> SCHWARTZ: Well, people
report, for example, that the--
and again, I don't keep stories
of all these testimonials
in my head.
But you'll hear
reports, for example,
of people will have an
FLFE attached to an object,
like a phone, so it can
be carried with you.
And then they'll leave
a phone in the area,
and then the dog
will end up choosing
to sleep near the phone,
not because it rings
or because they're expecting
their owner to pick up
the phone, but because--
>> REGINA: The consciousness,
the frequency being generated
by it.
>> SCHWARTZ: People
spontaneously report that
wildlife in their area
tends to be increased--
>> REGINA: Oh, interesting.
>> SCHWARTZ: --that wildlife
tends to be more likely
to congregate near their homes.
>> REGINA: Well, it makes
sense if it feels good,
it's got good vibes.
>> SCHWARTZ: Of course.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
So then we get into
a topic that I really
wanted to get into
here, which is
why I wanted to
do this interview,
because it's so difficult
for so many people.
And that is the
notion that we're
being bombarded with a lot
of different frequencies.
I know even here in Boulder,
they've activated their 5G
network, and a lot of cities
around the world have done that.
But even prior to that,
just the amount of Wi-Fi
and little modem
activity at home
is creating a lot of
edginess and energy drain
for a lot of people.
And I kind of wanted to see
what was going to happen
with FLFE applied to that.
Years ago, I wanted
to know what would
happen if they ever did that.
So let's talk about
what's happened with that.
>> SCHWARTZ: Sure.
It's one of the areas that I
find so fascinating about them,
is because as I said, they
learn from problems, often,
as well as solutions that
customers are reporting.
So as I understand
it, the initiation
of wanting to look
at EMF sensitivity
and mitigating the
effects of EMF sensitivity
was actually triggered by
some customers reporting
that the positive effects
that they were experiencing
in the quality of
their life on FLFE
tended to be attenuated with
the presence, for example,
of electromagnetic fields, that
the electromagnetic fields were
interfering with the FLFE
effects in the consciousness.
>> REGINA: Yeah, it makes sense.
Yeah.
>> SCHWARTZ: And in attempting
to, quote, "address" that issue,
Clayten and Jeff realized
that if they could build
into the program the capability
to mitigate some of these EMF
effects, it would, in turn,
then contribute to the overall
effectiveness of FLFE in terms
of its higher consciousness
field.
That's what started
them on this path.
And then we discovered
that, sure enough,
people who were
primarily interested
in getting relief from some
of the major symptoms of EMF
mitigation could be helped by
going on an FLFE program that
was focused on EMF mitigation.
>> REGINA: So they had to
engineer a program that allowed
the FLFE frequency to
essentially modulate, transform,
what, with these other signals?
>> SCHWARTZ: Again, here's where
we start getting into theory.
And the theory is interesting,
but until you test the theory,
it's just a theory.
But the theory is that what
FLFE does with the higher
consciousness field is it
tends to harmonize some
of the disparateness
in the fields
so that instead of there being--
there's less of a cacophony.
It's more of an organized
symphony, if you would,
of signals.
And therefore
there's less chaos--
>> REGINA: I actually saw the
work of a woman who was using
one of Konstantin
Korotkov's devices.
And it was so funny because
you were here earlier today
and you saw his lab coat hanging
here and said, do you know him?
Has he been here?
And yes, he has.
You know Konstantin.
We love him.
So he created these
GDV cameras that
were allowing you to see
the emanation-- initially,
in his work, from plants
and other things--
see the life force around them.
And so this Bio-Well is the
technology that's a little bit
newer and a little more
affordable for practitioners,
was employed to test in a
domain that had problems with 5G
signal.
So they showed-- they used the
camera or the device to show
what the field looked like
before when 5G was on and then
after, when FLFE
was applied to 5G.
And it did.
It looked exactly like
what you talked about.
It flattened all
these spiky edges out.
>> SCHWARTZ: Yes.
What they were-- I think a
better way of framing this is
that--
>> REGINA: Please do.
>> SCHWARTZ: --is that they were
measuring the background measure
of what they call entropy,
which is a measure of chaotic
"disorder," in
quotes, in a signal,
which you see as variability
on a moment-to-moment basis,
both when FLFE was off
versus when FLFE was on.
>> REGINA: Was on, yeah.
>> SCHWARTZ: And when FLFE
was on, using the GDV cameras,
its measure of entropy, they
were able to see a clear
difference.
>> REGINA: I was-- when
I saw that, I thought,
I want to do that, because I'm
sensitive, and I travel a lot,
and I stay in, sometimes, hotels
that have such a massive amount
of Wi-Fi running through it.
And so I don't sleep.
I find the energy very spiky.
So that piqued my curiosity.
So where has everything
gone since then?
Because I think there have been
some evolutionary leaps on that.
>> SCHWARTZ: Yes.
In fact, my understanding is
they're coming out with the FLFE
EMF mitigation program 5.0.
And if I understand, you
were the very first--
>> REGINA: Yep, I was a--
>> SCHWARTZ: --beta
test subject.
>> REGINA: Yeah, I was.
>> SCHWARTZ: And what
did you experience?
>> REGINA: Oh, my god.
Well, I had been using the
original EMF mitigation
for hotel rooms to take some
of the spikes out of my room,
out of the energy in my field.
I'd sleep with my phone
right on the little bed stand
right next to me.
And that was helpful.
But when they invited
me to do this beta test,
because I love this, one of
the first things I noticed--
in fact, this gets into
real consciousness.
One of the first things I
noticed is that there was, like,
a field supporting
and protecting me,
and that all I can
describe is the field--
my field, or their field,
the field felt quiet.
And I thought, so what is
mine and what is not mine?
That was the first
thing I wondered,
was then I started
sleeping better,
and I didn't have
to take melatonin.
And I thought, well,
that's interesting.
So I kept looking at it through
this particular lens, which
is, if it seems to be kind
of protecting all of me
in this field, it must
be that some of the more
negative impacts aren't making
its way into my closed field,
the things that normally
would be disturbing.
So I thought, OK, so if I'm
disturbed on a given day,
I would look at, if my
field was disturbed,
what did I do to disturb it?
What is mine and
what is not mine?
And that was huge, to see
where I'm generating negativity
in my field versus where I
have a totally clear field
and it's actually been
coming from somewhere else.
>> SCHWARTZ: If I may
be so bold as to say--
and I think I have a
fairly good case to make--
>> REGINA: OK.
>> SCHWARTZ: --you are a
somewhat atypical person
in terms of your evolution and
sensitivity, and therefore,
it's going to be easier
for you to make those kinds
of discoveries.
>> REGINA: I'm sure not
everybody will feel it--
>> SCHWARTZ: What?
>> REGINA: I'm sure not
everybody will feel it that way,
but for me, it was pronounced.
>> SCHWARTZ: Everybody
won't feel it that way.
People vary tremendously
in their sensitivities
to things in consciousness.
And that's why people--
what I find also
interesting about FLFE
is that they tend
to attract customers
who are more sensitive.
And they tend to be somewhat
more caring and somewhat more
devoted to wanting to
see improvements made,
and elevating humanity.
And that's, again, the kind of
movement that you want to see.
You want to see people who are
experiencing a technology that
is being driven by scientific
evidence and creative insight.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
Well, OK, so let's say I'm on
the extreme sensitive side.
So I'm part of a beta
experiment that may or may not
reflect what the bulk of the
customer base might experience.
I don't know what others have
experienced because I'm just
now talking to you.
>> SCHWARTZ: I'm just saying
that there's a level of subtlety
to you as an interviewer
and you as a person,
and that's to be celebrated.
>> REGINA: Why, thank you.
Well, all I know is I love that
feeling, where I feel like,
at least I know, if there's
anything perturbing going on,
I'm doing it.
I'm not picking up someone
else's thoughts or energy
in my field, that just
feels clear and clean.
So I like--
>> SCHWARTZ: Well, being able to
discern that is very valuable.
>> REGINA: I thought so.
>> SCHWARTZ: And that's one of
the subjective experiences that
people often
spontaneously report,
increased mental clarity.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Well, now, what about--
there have to be people
that doesn't work on.
And what is their experience?
Just, flat, like,
I don't feel it?
>> SCHWARTZ: Well, there are
some people who don't notice any
changes.
And like anything, some people
respond more strongly and some
people don't.
What I find most
interesting, which
gets back to the
placebo question,
is that one of the questions we
asked in the really big customer
experience survey, which
we've also now replicated--
one of the strategies
of programmatic research
is replicate and extend,
replicate and extend.
And this is one
of those findings
that is replicate and extend.
If you ask people the
following question--
to what extent were the effects
that you experienced with FLFE
greater than you expected,
equal to what you expected,
or less than what you expected?
>> REGINA: So that would be a
common question you would ask
in this kind of surveying.
>> SCHWARTZ: Yeah.
And one of the things
we find routinely
is more than half
the sample report
that the effects
that they experience
are greater than
what they expected
because they're surprised.
>> REGINA: Yeah, because you
don't know what to expect.
Yeah.
>> SCHWARTZ: They're surprised.
And their effects
are the very largest
in terms of the changes,
which is almost anti-placebo.
>> REGINA: Yeah, I hear you.
And the audience watching this--
I mean, most people
watching Gaia
and this show are probably
pretty sensitive themselves.
>> SCHWARTZ: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: So they'll understand
what we're talking about.
And I'm thinking about this.
What's so wonderful is
that you, as an academic,
have engaged in this to try
to show proofs of concept
to something in
this unseen realm
that people are benefiting from.
It must also be giving other
companies that are coming up
with their own kind of energy
or consciousness technologies
the motivation to start
bringing scientists like you on.
>> SCHWARTZ: I would hope so.
I would hope that
FLFE as a company
can serve as a role
model for other companies
to take this kind of
business as a spiritual path
seriously, an
evidence-based path.
>> REGINA: I think
we're there now.
We need it, because
people-- the final one
is, we're still in the age
of scientific materialism.
A lot of people's
wife will come home,
or a man will come home and say,
wow, I heard about this thing.
That sounds-- no,
where's the proof?
It doesn't matter what it is.
Where's the proof?
And now, we're
getting to the point
where we have the
sophistication of technology
to prove many different
beautiful, energy-based
technologies and
gifts out there.
So that's wonderful.
Even right down
to crystals, being
able to measure the output of
crystals, where it was just
lore once upon a time.
>> SCHWARTZ: And one of the
things that's also beautiful is
that this is a precious moment
in time for humanity to be alive
because technology has
advanced to such a degree,
we can now measure
single photons of light
in a pitch-black environment.
We can measure what's
called femtoamps of current.
We're talking about tiny, tiny,
tiny amounts of electrical flow.
And so consequently,
the tools that
are coming out of
contemporary physics
and bioengineering become
the tools you need.
But then they need to be applied
to these frontier questions.
So we often talk about--
we use mainstream methods
to address frontier questions.
>> REGINA: I love it.
I'm so happy that
you chose to leave--
you were never mainstream, but
leave the world of academics
to go into this new field of
proofs of concept that is so--
I think it's so important
for people that are pioneers
in these energy fields to have.
I mean, they need your support.
>> SCHWARTZ: Well, one of the
other things I can say about--
since you mentioned, for
example, life after death,
survival of consciousness,
greater spiritual reality,
and so on, is that my work
and my colleagues' work
on technology for being
able to communicate with
the consciousness and energy
of people who have "died,"
meaning transitioned--
>> REGINA: Post-material.
>> SCHWARTZ: Post-material
people, exactly.
Is, for many companies,
that's taboo,
or it would not be a
good affiliation for them
because it's so controversial,
whereas for a company like FLFE,
rather than that
being a liability,
they actually saw
that as something that
was an additional contribution
to the mission of their company.
So this kind of work, everything
is feeding everything else.
It's part of it--
>> REGINA: It's beautiful.
>> SCHWARTZ: Yes, it's--
>> REGINA: And you're writing
a book on the experiments right
now, so you kind of have a
collection of the various
experiments you've been running
and the results of them.
>> SCHWARTZ: Yes.
I wrote a book called "The
Afterlife Experiments."
I then wrote a book called "The
Energy Healing Experiments."
I wrote a book called
"The God Experiments."
And now in the
process of finishing
the first draft of a book
on the FLFE experiments.
>> REGINA: I love it.
I love it.
Very good.
Well, Gary, thank you for
spending an entire lifetime
being open-minded and serving
all of these pioneering fields
where the unseen world,
which constitutes far more
than the seen world, can finally
be given proofs to, whether it's
from mediumship to FLFE.
I really appreciate the work
you've done over your lifetime.
A very open-minded
man who demands proof.
I love it.
Thank you so much, Gary.
It's good to see you again.
>> SCHWARTZ: Good to see you.
>> REGINA: I'll still always
like the time we did sushi
at Harvey Nichols in London on--
we did sushi off
a conveyor belt.
>> SCHWARTZ: Off
>> REGINA: That was fun.
That was a while back.
Thank you so much
for joining me, Gary.
>> SCHWARTZ: Thank
you for having me.
>> REGINA: To find out
more about Gary's research
and the FLFE programs,
you can go to flfe.net.
I don't have enough
positive things
to say about this innovation.
This is the future.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]